[MRG+1] Create Request from curl command (#3862)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/developer-tools.rst

and ``yield`` a new request, inserting the incremented page-number 
into our ``url``. 

> In more complex websites, it could be difficult to easily reproduce the

Reviewer: This is what I meant in my comment about the `:ref:` link on the dynamic content documentation:

```suggestion
.. _requests-from-curl::

In more complex websites, it could be difficult to easily reproduce the
```

requests, as we could need to add ``headers`` or ``cookies`` to make it work. In those
cases you can export the requests in `cURL <https://curl.haxx.se/>`_ format, by

> right-clicking on it in the network tool and using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
right-clicking on each of them in the network tool and using the
```

:meth:`~scrapy.http.Request.from_curl()` method to generate an equivalent

> request. To do so, just import the :class:`~scrapy.http.Request` class and use this

Reviewer: Since you are already linking to the reference documentation of `from_curl`, where users can check how to import `Request`, and moreover the example already covers how to import `Request` as well, I think the last sentence of this paragraph can be omitted (i.e. end with `to generate an equivalent request::`).

method to get the desired request::

    from scrapy import Request

    request = Request.from_curl(
        "curl 'http://quotes.toscrape.com/api/quotes?page=1' -H 'User-Agent: Mozil"
        "la/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:67.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/67.0' -H 'Acce"
        "pt: */*' -H 'Accept-Language: ca,en-US;q=0.7,en;q=0.3' --compressed -H 'X"
        "-Requested-With: XMLHttpRequest' -H 'Proxy-Authorization: Basic QFRLLTAzM"
        "zEwZTAxLTk5MWUtNDFiNC1iZWRmLTJjNGI4M2ZiNDBmNDpAVEstMDMzMTBlMDEtOTkxZS00MW"
        "I0LWJlZGYtMmM0YjgzZmI0MGY0' -H 'Connection: keep-alive' -H 'Referer: http"
        "://quotes.toscrape.com/scroll' -H 'Cache-Control: max-age=0'")

> 

Reviewer: 1 line break is enough between paragraphs. Also applies _after_ the following paragraph.
